gh-124400: Use the normal command path for breakpoint commands (#124401)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-09-24-00-01-24.gh-issue-124400.0XCgfe.rst

> ``until`` in ``commands`` executes correctly now in :mod:`pdb`. Breakpoint commands will not print the frame information if there's a command that resumes execution in the command list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed :mod:`pdb` bug where ``until`` has no effect when it appears in a ``commands`` sequence. Also avoid printing the frame information at a breakpoint if it has a command list containing a command that resumes execution.
```

> Fixed :mod:`pdb` bug where ``until`` has no effect when it appears in a ``commands`` sequence. Also avoid printing the frame information at a breakpoint if it has a command list containing a command that resumes execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a :mod:`pdb` bug where ``until`` has no effect when it appears in a ``commands`` sequence. Also avoid printing the frame information at a breakpoint that has a command list containing a command that resumes execution.
```
